update manual based on Matt's comments (#432)
nptscot/nptscot.github.io: data/index.md

### Route network data with cycling potential and quietness attributes

> The route network dataset can be downloaded as a GeoPackage from [https://github.com/nptscot/npt/releases](https://github.com/nptscot/npt/releases). New versions are released monthly (e.g., [rnet_2025-05-01.gpkg](https://github.com/nptscot/npt/releases/download/v2025-05-01/rnet_2025-05-01.gpkg) for the May 2025 release). This dataset contains the route network data with cycling potential and quietness attributes.

Reviewer: 👍

Reviewer: We should specify that updates are monthly for the duration of the project.

```suggestion
The route network dataset can be downloaded as a GeoPackage from [github.com/nptscot/npt/releases](https://github.com/nptscot/npt/releases). New versions are released monthly for the duration of the project (e.g., [rnet_2025-05-01.gpkg](https://github.com/nptscot/npt/releases/download/v2025-05-01/rnet_2025-05-01.gpkg) for the May 2025 release of the route network data with cycling potential and quietness attributes).
```
